BREAKING: Add: OpenID4VP 1.0 features (#475)
a-sit-plus/kmm-vc-library: CHANGELOG.md

   - Use DPoP proofs on client calls
 - Token status list:
   - CBOR encoded token status list shall not be tagged with 24 like other COSE payloads (`d818` in hex)
   -
 - Add: Support OpenID4VP attribute DCQLCredentialQuery::multiple
 - Add: Support OpenID4VP attribute DCQLCredentialQuery::trustedAuthority

>  - Add: Support OpenID4VP attribute DCQLCredentialQuery::require_cryptographic_holder_binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - DCQL for OpenID for Verifiable Presentations:
   - Support attribute `multiple` in query
   - Support attribute `require_cryptographic_holder_binding` in query
   - Support Trusted Authorities Query, i.e. attribute `trusted_authorities` in query, for Authority Key Identifier `aki` only
   - Support queries for W3C Verifiable Credentials
```

Author: done
